okay hi guys this is just a first
impressions of the radians filmed by
secret is in the shape 8.1 medium last
one stay calm
you swim after tilting
you have the after conditioning bath
and you have the okay so basically you
put this one into this one and tilt five
times and and then you apply one screw
you screw this place the
I mean obviously you just pump up
products it says that if it's couldn't
you should tilt to one or two times and
obviously super terms do not test on
animals um so all their products free
from that and I love how this smells
because I used to eat soup on us all the
time but obviously I'm not dying my hair
that often so I'm trying to do this more
of a toner than anything else
okay this says it comes with
music successful female of colourant 40
male developer and 50 mil of conditioner
a fermion pump a pair gloves in
instructions and the list of ingredients
is on the box so this is three for the
price of one I'll buy one get two three
five eight nine and from so stay tuned
to that is because and they went offer
it was $5.99 eight
Oh buy one get two three oh three for
the price one
whatever you gonna call it so I got
these three four five ninety-nine and
which is an amazing deal
I haven't used them yet obviously and
independent this goes up I may have
already done first impressions hmm or
not
what help you ensue and obviously
everything he needs in one of these
boxes
can you eat that
so I'll show you what is inside each box
okay so this is inside the box you can
see if you have a pump to attach them to
you I think what you've mixed it you
have any developer little water this
would you replace with this once you own
tilted it the aftering after clear
condition ban which is the conditioner
which I love now basically being super
truck it's there's no use against animal
testing and now they're products
suitable for vegetarians vegans I think
you also get the radiance for Laurent
and you just have to make sure the
number here is the same on the box which
this one is then get a set of
instructions but you should read if
you've never used and then hey make sure
you mix and make sure
I hope the Lighting's better in this
video because to change it they go
that's just what's in each bottle again
I also tell you feel like what's
actually in here rather than just the
announced almost support chat so you've
got one bottle like us you've got light
brown or go to a medium I put duck round
it will go to a
sorry my team hopefully and so obviously
you can see and I'm probably in between
these two
you